# Entry 6
## Overall Takeaways from Expo & Presentation 6/5/23

In this blog entry, I write about my takeaways from the SEP Expo and in-class presentations. My previous blog entries have been about my process of learning my tool kaboomJS as well as my steps in creating the platformer game. With that came many challenges and obstacles that I was able to overcome in many ways. 

At the Expo, I presented my [elevator pitch](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1R5sjzSzh33M7WFdKRbCtdJZ2B6g0s9FB2f_MuTxbcFE/edit?usp=sharing) with my partner to the judges and all the people that came to explore the projects. I had gotten feedback from the judges, which I took into great consideration. My first takeaway from the Expo was to elaborate more on the purpose of my project. I felt that I could've had a more significant purpose to my game rather than just for entertainment purposes. I think it also would've been nice to elaborate more on my challenges. I explained what was a challenge I faced, but not so much with my process of solving my challenges. My last takeaway from the Expo was to have instructions on the website so that the users would know the controls. During the Expo, my partner and I had to explain the sprite controls many times because they were confused about whether it was the WASD keys or the arrow keys that moved the sprites. We noticed that an instructions page would have helped save us time in having to explain the key controls.

As for my [in-class presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1cO_I9Zzre5fE-AhSlaupsr6-GLH3dpxiGZiAefURTfc/edit?usp=sharing), a takeaway that I've gotten was to explain more on my product. I didn't take enough time to explain my product and all the components. From my perspective, I knew how the game ran, but my classmates didn't so it might've been unclear for them. Nevertheless, my partner and I did a good job explaining our process of making our product, including our challenges and takeaways. We showed code snippets along with detailed explanations of how we came to overcome the obstacles.

I am currently in stages 7 and 8 of the EDP, in which I am improving my game as needed as well as communicating my results. From the Expo, I have noted some improvements that would make my game more efficient and user-friendly. For example, an instructions page would help first-time players navigate the key controls to move the main sprite. I communicated my results through the expo with many people and through the in-class presentation where I was able to show my process of making the game. 

Skills that I developed from the Expo and the in-class presentation were **consideration** and **embracing failure**. My partner and I were not one of the finalists that would be able to present in the SEP showcase, but it allowed us to embrace failure. We were able to gain valuable feedback from both the judges and also visitors that came to see the many projects. I believe that failure is a great way to know the spots to improve on for next time. In embracing failure, I was also able to take into consideration the improvements that can be made to the game to increase its functionality. An example of consideration would be me making an instructions page for those that are new to platformer games. 

[Previous](entry05.md) | [Next](entry07.md)

[Home](../README.md)
